[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: I talked about
the Ember ecosystem and
about how we're trying to craft
a complete solution here.
These are the official pieces
of the Ember ecosystem.
And they're all versioned together so
they should all be
version 2.1 right now, or getting there,
preparing for a release there.
But because they're all
versioned the same and
they're all released on a similar cadence,
the idea is that you should have a set
of tools that you know work together.
That's not to say that you have to
upgrade everything at the same time but
attention is paid to how these fit
together before a release is cut.
>> Speaker 1: Another useful thing to know
is that at its core Ember has a bunch of
little microlibraries which
can be consumed independently.
Two of them have to do with routing,
one is a promise library called RSVP,
which is fairly popular.
You can use it in node if you wish.
HTMLbars is the templating engine.
Sorry, handlebars and
HTMLbars are templating engines.
The difference is string concatenation.
Emitting strings versus
emitting dom fragments.
Broccoli is the asset pipeline which now
Angular 2 is using in their tool chain.
So a lot of very useful little
nuggets inside Ember that
we make an effort to have as
freestanding useful modules.
All right, so
let's plan out some goals here.
And in the spirit of getting things done,
which is what Ember's all about,
productivity, I want to define these goals
in term of what I want you guys to be able
to do and how I want you to, I want you to
feel comfortable doing a set of things.
First, I want you guys to
know routing inside and out.
Routing is often an after
thought added to a framework.
In the case of Ember, it is at the core.
It was almost, it seems to be potentially
the most well thought-out piece of
the framework itself, to the extent that
other popular routers like React Router
are modeling off of Ember's router.
I want you to be able to
use handlebars comfortably.
And that means using the helpers that
come with the handlebars library.
The helpers that Ember adds and
makes available to you, and
I want you to be able to
define your own helpers.
And we'll learn a little bit more about
what helpers are and how to build them,
but essentially it's extending
the HTMLish part of your application.
I want you to be able to use
components comfortably and
to be able to compose them together
to define user interfaces.
So we'll go over a bunch of different use
cases but components are very heavily
emphasized in the Ember 2.0 idioms, right?
There are some objects that I'm actually
making an effort to not talk about today,
because they've been deprecated,
and they still exist in the code.
But the component has sort of
taken on new responsibilities and
it has more of a primary
role in Ember apps today.
I want you to be able to use Ember
data to interact with the restful API.
Again, a very well though-out
idea that is inspiring similar
matching ideas in other frameworks like
angular data, which is quite popular.
Testing is an area of the Ember
development lifecycle that I've
personally put a lot of work into,
making sure it's solid.
So I want you guys to be super confident
in terms of writing unit tests,
integration tests, functional tests.
I want you to know how
to mock out an API so
that you can kind of have your app
simulate more close effectively.
And then finally, I wanna make sure you
guys know how to build Ember addons, and
this is a great way to
take a chunk of your app.
Maybe it's your user interface primitives,
or you have your input field,
then your date pickers, and
whatever little controls you have.
You wanna break those out into
a library so that you can have three or
four apps declaring
a dependency on this library.
I want you to understand how that works
because that's a very well thought-out
store and a great strength of Ember.